Alec Wang ‘21
Bat-Orgil Batjargal ‘21

Our dataset examines the effect of different majors at universities and graduate programs on the salary earnings and employment rates after the students graduate.
We located our dataset on the data-driven newspaper fivethirtyeight.com.

The link to the article about the data set is:
https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/the-economic-guide-to-picking-a-college-major/

The link to the data set itself is:
https://github.com/fivethirtyeight/data/tree/master/college-majors.

The data was collected by the American Community Survey.
Each row in the data set represents a major, whether in college or graduate school.
For each major, some of the information provided by the columns includes:
	•	Rank by median earnings 
	•	Male graduates of that major 
	•	Women graduates of that major 
	•	Percentage of graduates within that major that are women 
	•	The category of that major (i.e. engineering, business, computer science & mathematics) 
	•	The median earnings made by individuals of a major after they graduate. 
	•	The 25th and 75th percentile earnings made by graduates of that major 
	•	The number of graduates who are employed full time and part time 
	•	The number of graduates who are unemployed 
	•	The unemployment rate of graduates of that major 
	•	The number of graduates in jobs requiring a college degree 
	•	The number of graduates in jobs not requiring a college degree 
	•	The number of graduates in jobs not requiring a college degree that pay low wages 

Our user stories in order of importance (most important story first).
As a college-sophomore, Indecisive-Isaac wants to retrieve a list of college majors ranked by median salaries so that he can more easily choose a career.
As a college freshman, Sensible-Samantha wants to retrieve a list of college majors ranked by median salaries so that she can easily pay off student debt.
As a college sophomore, Selective-Sindy wants to retrieve a list of college majors ranked by employment rate so that she pick a major that will let her easily be employed.
As a college senior, Studious-Star wants to retrieve a list of graduate school majors ranked by median salaries so that she can decide which graduate program she should do.
As a college senior, Computing-Caroline wants to retrieve a list of graduate school majors in computer science ranked by median salary so that afterwards she’ll have a career with a high salary.
As a college sophomore, Busy-Beth wants to retrieve a list of college majors ranked based on the percents of graduates with jobs requiring college degrees so that she can pick a major that will let her get a job requiring a college degree.
As a college sophomore, Anxious-Aaron wants to retrieve a list of majors looking for a major that has a low chance of letting him end up in a low-wage-job.
As a college sophomore, Advocating-Alice wants to retrieve a list of STEM majors with low numbers of women so that she can promote gender-diversity in STEM.
As a college sophomore, Greedy-Garry wants to retrieve a list of the top ten majors ranked based on 75th percentile earnings, so that he can make lots of money after college.
As a college sophomore, Engineer-Eric wants to retrieve a list of engineering majors ranked based on median salary earnings, so he can easily find the engineering major with the highest median pay-rate.
As a college senior, Analytically-Alice wants to retrieve the salaries (median, 25th percentile, 75th percentile) of college majors and graduate majors in Arts to see whether it is worth going to graduate school.
As a college senior, Foresighted-Francis wants to see the salaries of all-ages in Advertising Majors so that he can see the pay-off in the long term.
As a college freshman, Curious-Alexis wants to retrieve a list of all majors so that he can find different departments to explore and can be practical at choosing his next term courses.
As a government official, Righteous-Reagan wants to see which college STEM major is the most popular among female students so that he can choose a right department of university to support financially.
As a college sophomore, Following-Frank wants to retrieve a list of majors ranked by popularity so that he can choose the most popular of all majors.
As a college sophomore, Hipster-Harold wants to retrieve a list of majors ranked in reverse by popularity so that he can choose the least popular of all majors.
As a college sophomore, Cautious-Cathy wants to retrieve a list of majors whose graduates make at least 60 thousand dollars a year on average.
As a college sophomore, Smart-Sam knows he is interested in computer science and mathematics so that he can compare long run return of his work at school.
As a college sophomore, Anti-capitalist Envy wants to retrieve a list of majors ranked based on 25th percentile salary so that she can choose a major that will decrease her chances of making money after graduating.
